I think that in the stage where I am now
it's really interesting to have man's
sitting in my in my world in a very free
kind of way you know it's an independent
company and it's an approach that I like
in relation to the place that I have no
idea which is a very big corporate
institution and so I think it's a lot
about experiment and it's a lot about
freedom and it's a lot about working on
on a process to see how the perception
of man's can be changed
men's fashion in general is well
complicated in the last decades and we
see a lot of collections which are based
on garter hop you know it's more about
very commercial approach men that buy
fashion they show strong interested in
women fashion I think in the last five
six seven years is becoming very strong
and for me it's clearly meaning that
they are out for something which is
with more challenging
it was a very well considered choice of
you need to go to the off to see that
part of the fashion world meaning a
brand with an impactful historical
package a contrast is probably what I'm
out for as I was always doing a lot of
different things in the past as well
like even before Jill sounded when I was
having my own brenda was also operating
for example I was teaching at the
University for five years in Vienna so I
need to have the contrast I think it is
very challenging for me to not be
everyday in the same situation I was
confronted in a very young age with
specifically one shot on Martin Margiela
Easter children and it had a very very
big impact on me because before that
time I was looking around a little bit
in fashion and I think more as a person
who who definitely was interested in
buying clothes for myself but not so
much further than that
I wasn't really looking at fashion on an
from an intellectual point of view I was
one of perceiving it quite you know like
maybe too much on the surface for me
that's maybe something that is not for
me and that job not that changed the
whole thing Martin was not shown on a
high stage it was not about the glamour
it was very linked to the street and
very linked to
the social awareness I think and it was
emotional and conceptual and
psychological in fashion you don't do
things alone so it's very much about
collaboration and it's very much about
creating a your own kind of family and
together you build something so in that
sense I can cope with it I'm not gonna
say it's not happy it's it's it is a lot
of work
I don't think fashion as a place anymore
and it can still again evolve to it but
fashion in this moment in time is
another place where you can just step in
and you make some things and let's see
how it goes doesn't just doesn't work
like that anymore I would not want that
the possibility for me to be creative is
taken away because I'm attacking a
system that's not how I function that's
not how I am
I'd like to do it too much you know I
really like to design I really like to
be creative I am really thankful to to
be given the opportunity to create my
own brand and to take on other brands as
creative director I think it's almost
ridiculous what's happening and I think
most creative people most designers will
see it like that for themselves lots of
things are taken away true the change of
the system you know like curiosity
patience it's all taken away because
everything is instant and but it's not
to blame business people that are in
charge of brands or groups or
or stores that want to have a lot of
product it's not to blame that it's just
to Rea the roles changing it's not only
in fashion as changing or talking
clothes are we talking fashion because
there's so much you know there was so
much different levels high fashion the
way I am attracted to it cannot be for
everybody sometimes I think I'm a huge
fan of young people coming in the
business because I think that is only
the young generation who can clearly
change it all the people that are
already into it are too far into it you
know you cannot just switch that anymore
if there was one thing that I think that
we did not do when we start we didn't
follow the structure at all obviously in
the mid nineties there was also already
an existing structure an existing system
I didn't even know about that system so
maybe that's why we didn't follow the
system we definitely did not step into I
mean I didn't even show my collection on
running for four seasons one thing will
always be and that I climbed the
strength and beauty of fashion fashion
once knew all the time
you